turkey's foreign minister hakan fidan
has held talks with Kat's Prime and
foreign minister here in Doha he said
Israel's war on Gaza was the root cause
of regional
tension here is very clear that
Netanyahu is trying to drag the region
into war in order to maintain and and to
stay in power for those who provide
unconditional support they need to
review their position urgently basically
the foundation and the cause roots of
the uh events is the oppression that is
being perpetrated in Gaza here I would
like to
underline the fact that the people of
Gaza are the victims it's not Israel
neither
Iran ahead of of the escalation uh we've
been in an intense conversation with
both uh the Iranian and and the
Americans urging the parties not to
escalate and to contain the situation
and as we mention from the beginning
that uh the war will definitely have a
spill over on the region and we have
seen that since the since the attack
happened on the Iranian consulate which
uh by Israel which resulted in killing
uh uh some of of the Iranian officials
and this uh tension has been
just you know mounting
up and R sad was at the press conference
in
Doha one of the important point that
today we have seen this was quite rare
the prime minister of Qatar said that
his country Qatar is reassessing his
position as a mediator in this conflict
due to the some politicians Reckless
statements and what you understand that
it actually was meaning the statements
the accusations that are coming from the
Israeli officials including the Prime
Minister Benyamin Netanyahu accusing
Qatar of not exerting enough power over
Hamas to persuade Hamas to release the
the the the the the the hostages so we
have seen these repeated accusations
coming from Israelis and the Prime
Minister said that these accusations are
actually very much destructive qatar's
role is to be a mediator not to be in
favor of any party because Qatar is not
a party in these conflicts but it's very
much important to note that for the
first time we hearing that a top
official in Qatar the prime minister of
Qatar says that his country is
reassessing its situation its role as a
mediator in this conflict so regarding
the the statements that were coming from
the Turkish foreign minister hakan fidan
he said that particularly on the 13 of
April we have seen how the the the the
ACT out of the region also getting
involved in this conflict and the risk
of this Regional war is now imminent is
now serious and he also says that we
have seen how the international World
particularly the Western Powers they got
United against Iran in their statements
and stands and their support for Israel
but now he says that we expect the same
countries to come together and to put a
United pressure on Israel to stop the
war and to announce and and and a a
ceasefire make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al